# TOO Next.js Base

This is a Next.js starter template designed to help get projects into development with ease. It uses Tailwind CSS with a mixture of some .too utility classes to help unify development.

This project is running on Next.js v15 & tailwind V3 its set up to use the 'app' directory, although the 'pages' directory can still be added and used if needed.

## Table of Contents

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Features](#features)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)

## Installation

To get started, download the repository and run:

```
 pnpm install
```

## Usage

to run the project in development mode use:

```
 pnpm run dev
```

to run the project in production mode use:

```
 pnpm run build && pnpm run start
```

## Features

This boilerplate contains a number of useful features for developing your project:

**Scss/Css vars** In the `_config.scss` file, you will see a variable named: `$css-fluid-units`. This variable helps create reusable CSS variables for the entire project. To create a new CSS variable, simply add a new variable to the SCSS map like so:

```
	$css-fluid-units: (
		...
		new-unit: (
			min: 10px,
			max: 20px
		),
		new-unit-alt: (
			static: 100px,
		),
	);
```

This will generate a new CSS variable like: `--type-new-unit`. The variables will be based on the key and values of the multidimensional array. You have three options when using this loop: define min and max values to generate a responsive variable using the CSS clamp function, or a static value which will just output a static value for you.

**TooImage**: The LazyImage component leverages the Next.js Image component but also adds an intrinsic image layer, helping prevent the document flow from shifting during the page load/render.

**TooVideo**: The Base theme uses React-Video to handle all video needs. It supports customizable player ratios and automatic spacing, with options for control-free or full-featured players.

**Animations**: coming soon... 🔨

**State Management**: We use Jotai in this base theme to manage global state because it’s simple, flexible, and easy to learn. It’s straightforward to implement, adapts well to different project needs, and has a shallow learning curve, making it quick to pick up and use effectively.

**CMS**: Payload is a headless CMS used in this project for its flexibility, developer-friendly TypeScript support, and seamless integration with Next.js, allowing for easy content management via REST or GraphQL.

The Resend email adapter is preferred over Nodemailer due to its lightweight nature and compatibility with serverless platforms like Vercel, offering a straightforward REST API for email delivery without the need for complex SMTP configurations, thus enhancing performance and scalability.

**Payload Structure**:
- `src`
  - `app`
    - `(frontend)` - Contains the frontend structure of the project.
    - `(payload)` - Includes Payload API routes and page routes.
  - `collections` - Contains all Payload content types.
  - `components`
    - `Payload` - Houses all components specific to Payload.
  - `globals` - Contains global content types.
  - `Payload-types.ts` - Type file generated by Payload.
  - `Payload.config.ts` - Configuration file for Payload.

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please feel free to submit a pull request or open an issue.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.
